#summary Preferred method of installing the USB driver.

== Introduction ==

Because the Build Light registers as a HID (Human Interface Device), your OS will use it's default drivers and won't prompt you for them. You still need specific drivers though. 
The device uses the generic [http://sourceforge.net/apps/trac/libusb-win32/wiki libusb-win32] usb drivers. Here's how to install them...


== Installing the usb driver ==

  # Make sure the build light is plugged in
  # Open Device Manager (start - run - *devmgmt.msc*)
  # Open up _Human Interface Devices_ and find the device with _vid 16CO & pid 05DF_ * TODO image*
  # Update the driver and point to the downloaded driver *TODO image, download link*.
  # Unplug and reconnect the usb cable. You don't have to reboot.

== Testing ==

Open a command prompt and type
{{{
set-led.exe rgb 255 255 255
}}}
If the driver installed succesfully, you should see the light light up in white. You can now move on to the [listener] and the [hudson plugin]. 
If the driver wasn't installed correctly you'll get this error message:
{{{
Could not find USB device "USRGB" with vid=0x16c0 pid=0x5df
}}}

== Backup procedure for installing the usb driver ==
  # Unplug the Build Light
  # Open [http://libusb-winusb-wip.googlecode.com/files/zadig.exe zadig.exe]
  # Under _Options_, select _Advanced Mode_ and _List All Devices_
  # Under _Target Driver_, select _libusb (v1.2.1.20)_
  # Reconnect the Build Light. The Info windows should say _x+1 devices found_
  # Select the Build Light from the dropdown. It will probably show up as _USB Human Interface Device_ . Verify the _Vendor ID 16C0_ and _Product ID 05DF_
  # Click _Install Driver_
  # You can now [#Testing test] your installation
  